Number 1 in Pythagoras Square is all about the character of the person, his strong-willed qualities, force of aspiration to authority, ability to defend own beliefs.

 

Character "1": weak-willed, egoistic. It is possible to tell, that it is one of the most complex characters. The owners are ones inconsistent by their nature. The matter is that, having weak-willed character, they avoid making any decisions, trying to shift them on shoulders of other person. Escaping from decision-making, they desperately simulate activity and always try to show the strong-willed qualities. For this reason they always get into dispute on any question. As it will surprise you, but they never care about the subject of dispute as in their dispute the only interest is the victory, they require success, aspiring to show all force of character. This person often becomes egoistic, never noticing other people's requests and troubles achieving a victory. Such people never accept hasty decisions, trying to give multicomplex answers which can be understood differently that enables them to refuse the words, and the main idea is not to make any decisions. Never try to accuse them in lack of will. You will surely offend them, and they'll never believe you, showing the quality of the great debater.

Character "11": People who have two "1"'s in Pythagoras Square are very gentle, love compliments having it as a main goal. This is the reason why they help others so much, easily join any company being appreciated there, they try to draw an attention to theirselves just to receive thanks for a pleasant meeting. They are able to listen to another one if there's no pressure on them. The pressure upon other person is a very rare situation in this case. They often do not have hardness in upholding the sights, and they search for a profession where nobody could stand over the shoulder, however a hunger for a praise pushes them to become a doctor or a teacher. Often they don't have any purposefulness and self-esteem which becomes a reason for underestimation of their purposes. If they are lucky and in the Pythagoras Square there are "22" or "2222 or more" their initiative becomes more active.

Character "111": This character has such a loud name – "the golden mean", that at once allocates it among other characters. Such people can find common language with any person. The matter is that they can concede if necessary in dispute to anyone (even "!"). The main thing you should never forget, – it is impossible to press on such person as if necessary he will win any despot. The strong-willed person, "the golden mean", can make natural transition to this new character: " 1 and 8 " (we consider, that Number 8 is empty). It corresponds to soft and tolerant character. Their external deceptive softness pushes others to command, to test the authority of those who have character "111", that creates an unexpected explosion of emotions, and leads to the suppression of the despot.

Character "1111": The strong-willed and strong character. These are able to target goals if they have any energy for doing that, in disputes do not like to concede, but also do not cross certain lines as do not possess any despotism and always remember about the interlocutor, never trying to be offensive. For men such character is better for parents or militarians. Never forget, that this is the character of the leader who wishes to be better than others. It is not necessary to think, that they always rush as in a quiet condition they very much remind of those "11", love being praised too, but do not accept any ingratiations. Do not try to humiliate those "1111", it will lead to a great repulse. Such people can make decisions at once always keeping to it.

Character "11111": The most expressed character of authority. The person moves ahead to the goal, never paying attention to those around him (in case if Pythagoras Square of the given person has no 8, and the person aspires to authority). Such people are fairly called despots. To get an unlimited authority or to get nothing at all. Rarely any of them can stop, there is no limit to their imperous wishes. Such pursuit of authority also creates around them a hostile environment. It is possible to tell precisely, that the result of any despot is known, he generates the successor who will also go over his head. The only way to stay who you are is to leave any authority as it does not have any borders and that is why there will be the one who will define by himself a limit to ones authority (you can find examples in our history when one politician "crushed" another). Tolerance and search of your own talent. You can become an unsurpassed artist, a poet, a dancer, an actor, etc. All these are the ways of realization of character "11111". When there is a leadership, but no victims of despotism. It can sound strange, but with character "11111" the person should avoid authority. He then becomes simultaneously inactive, that reminds of a weak-willed person (transition of character "11111" to " 1 and 88 ") and thus the one who is explosive when the slightest pressure upon him causes such reaction which anybody does not expect. Only the knowledge of features of the character of the despot will rescue everyone from the conflict. It is not necessary to check the size of patience of the despot.

Character "111111": When the quantity of 1's has exceeded five figures then it is possible to speak about "overload" of the despot that means sudden changes of ones character. The person starts to be afraid of his own latent character of aspiration to authority. By own inquiries about authority he clearly understands, that he can never have it (tsar, the president). If it is not the highest authority, the goal has no value then. Comprehension of impossibility to receive the full authority leads to his full refusal of it. Such people can open the latent plans only during the moment of strong intoxication. They are very tolerant, quiet, explosions of emotions occur only after long accumulation of insults. When such moment comes, one word is enough for emission of the huge collected energy. It is necessary for close people to know about it and to try to liberate prestored insult, at its smaller quantity. Purposefulness of such people is strongly underestimated, as well as their self-estimation. The choice of work is defined not by their interest to it, but that degree of freedom which it gives: to not depend on the chief and to not depend on anybody at all.

Number 2 according to Pythagoras designates energy of the person. It is necessary to understand that energy in this case is behaviour of the person in family, at work and in a society. The energy of Number 2 is not absolutely identical to known energy of ones body, which is called Chi of the meridians in acupuncture. We call a person "vigorous" if one can visualize a goal, find ways of its achievement and move straight ahead to reach it, according to his own plan. Those who have energy are able to do things that are not so pleasant, but are necessary. The energy of Number 2 characterizes compatibility through energy contact. One estimates another through energy contact. A transition from "22" to "4" is possible. This transition explains that fact that physically perfect and beautiful people always draw attention to themselves – their contact energy (Number 2) goes from their healthy body and if they are not aggressive, and are quiet and kind, they can attract others with shine of this external energy.

 

From ancient times people tried to strengthen this energy. For this purpose many ancient doctrines, such as a chi kung, yoga and others were created. Everyone feels necessity of receiving this energy. Questions of vampirism and donorship are always about Number 2 energy. Is it possible to tell if there are people-vampires and people-donors? There's no one to perfectly represent either of two. It is because in certain moments of life each person can behave as the vampire (illness, weariness, famine, pain, fear, anger) and as the donor (helping others, after meal, in good mood). We got to understand vampirism and donorship from the point of view of each person. It is necessary to understand that in any conversation one person takes a position of the donor, then another is the vampire. How to define, who's who, as roles can change any moment. Very simple. The one who plays role of the donor is the one who starts speaking about interests of the other. The one, who is in the center of conversation theme (or he brings up his own interests), becomes the vampire. Defense is very simple: you got to start speaking about yourself, "the vampire" will definitely lose any interest for you. If you wish to continue the conversation, you got to speak about your interlocutor, about his problems – in tis case he receives energy and will be always ready to support conversation. Any person can receive energy from meal, drink, air, dialogue, intimate affinity, exercises of a chi kung, yoga. Especially active inflow of energy – wine and drugs, this is why reason people are so attracted by them, but they suppress and kill your body.

Character "2"-none: Absence of "2" in Pythagoras Square is a reflection of very weak energy. Such people can be named vampires, but don't be afraid of this word. Any person (even the donor) begins "vampiring" energy from another when there is strong deficiency of it (stress, quarrel, illness, a fright, mountain). The people who possess weak energy or don't have any are lazy, excessive in physical mobility, fussy and are afraid of any conflicts. They always try to avoid any quarrels, but do like to witness ones. It is difficult enough for them to take opportunities and find their own abilities because of their laziness. They usually underestimate the purposes. Love dogs very much and don't like cats, because dogs are donors, and cats are vampires.

Character "2": A presence of one "2" in Pythagoras Square means, shows persons energy deficiency. By the way, presence of Numbers 4 will strengthen it a little, but the qualities usual for weakened energy won't change. Such people possess all qualities of those who have none: laziness, mobility, fussiness. The only difference is that all these qualities are temporary, wavy: the person suddenly becomes the fidget, is lazy selectively, choosing "zones of laziness" where he is able to relax and have a rest. These people also avoid conflicts as do not like to spend energy. They do something good usually for the main purpose of returning spent energy through a praise, even more, with some desert. Praise, compliments, leadership, difference from others – all these are usual qualities of such people. Alcohol or drugs can be a problem for them, that is why it is necessary to pay very carefull attention to this predilection. In conversation with other people they prefer to speak about theirselves or about themes, interesting to them, trying to change "another's" themes softly. Manual labour is not for them, as it requires energy.

Character "22": If your Pythagoras Square has "22", it means you are lucky. This is a minimum, which is necessary for each person. It is said, if a person possesses good energy it is an optimum for people contacts and work. You are sociable and contacting other people well. The people with such energy are good story-tellers, lecturers and orators; they are doctors by their energy. You can reach ANY goal, your energy allows you this. People with good energy are not used to laziness, if this person is lazy, the reasons are not in power (a low self-estimation, weak purposefulness or other reasons). If you have many (two and more) "3"‘s and as much "5"‘s then you are born technician. A teacher profession is recommended only to those with a strong character ("111" or "1111"), presence of figures 8 is allowed.

Character "222": means you possess a sign on the psychic from birth, or easier speaking, you are a psychic. Before you will begin " surprising sessions of healing, hypnosis, clairvoyance… " we shall understand what is called "psychic". The matter is that the answer to this question is simple enough: the psychic is the one who possesses special abilities shown depending on force majeure. Yes, presence of unexpected circumstances leads the person with a similar sign to extrasensory perception. In other cases it differs from one "2" a little. It is possible to put an equal-sign between "2" and "222" if there is no special situation. All characteristics of "2" are inherent for the psychic: laziness, mobility, fussiness. There is also new qualities: isolation, unwillingness to share the problems, explosion of emotions at pressure, skill to help other person if necessary. For these reasons many psychics try to become the center of attention as they intensively absorb energy from others and, only "having completely charged", can give it to others if considers it necessary. It is better to search for the work which is not connected with people because of instability of energy.

Character "2222" or more: If your Pythagoras Square contains "2222" or more "2"‘s it means, that you are the donor, the person who has energy overload and can spend it as you wish. It creates a problem with useful spending of energy that is available. The matter is that such people can spend energy for survey of any teleprograms, not doing anything for their own development, it can be called laziness, but the reason is energy overload. There can be the excessive calmness making you almost indifferent to everything. The best for you is to try yourself in sports, medicine, teaching or manual labour, – all these cause big losses of energy and is good for donors. If they will not spend the energy there can be a need for the conflict which "will unload" the donor. That is not the best way of disposal of superfluous energy. Superfluous energy is consumed well by cats (pussycats, but not cats, as the cat can absorb much smaller quantity of energy). If in your Pythagoras Square there are also "4"‘s you can try youself in professional sports. With 5′s and 9′s (two and more) it is possible to try yourself in science. If you have a "66" sign try to find the craft where you can progress yourself to become the Master (the carpenter-cabinetmaker, etc.).

Number 3 in Pythagoras Square is responsible for interest to sciences and, above all, to exact science or engineering. Never forget that 3 is included in a few lines, when you are going to estimate this number in Pythagoras Square, namely – in a column (1, 2, 3), ascending diagonal (3, 5, 7) and 3d line (3, 6, 9). This is very important to know and remember when determining influence of number 3.

 

The point is that not everyone can obviously expose himself in science. The certain set of numbers is needed for this purpose: 22, 55, 9 (or more), 33 (and more), if the case is exact science. But if one is interested in humanities, the presence of number is optional, while an amount of numbers must not be divisible by 2.

For a person who doesn't have any 5 or 9 to be engaged in science becomes problematic situation, because of the influence on interests of his, the reason is that number 3 is responsible for persons interests in general. So, to decide what this interest consists of, it is necessary to determine what line owns 3s at the moment.

Column (1, 2, 3) is responsible for the self-appraisal of a person. If number 3 is owned by the first column, special attention is paid to persons self-appraisal, it, as a rule, becomes overpriced and can be noticed on the attitude toward other people. Such people think, that people around are more foolish than them, aim to make out the case, even not having enough knowledge and experience in the question of dispute. A misfortune of man is in tom, that he can nothing to offer, but aims to give advice to others (such people have a set of numbers of "2", or "2-none", or "222", "5-none", 9), but even at the greater amount of these numbers such people do not develop themselves because of laziness.

An ascending diagonal (3, 5, 7) is carnal, financial interests, sex. If number 3 owned by this line, a person begins to be actively interested in intimate life and money (first, as a rule, is stronger, because earning money is connected with labour). The endless changing of sex-partners shows absorption of number 3 by this line.

Line (3, 6, 9) is responsible for stability of the person. If Number 3 is owned by this line the person "acquires" habits which become very important for him literally, there are many possible important traditions and rituals which the person surrounds himself, and the main thing he demands performance of these habits and rituals from others. As a rule, if these people possess authority they try to set a list of rituals for others.

Character "3"-none: Absence of Number 3 in Pythagoras Square means propensity of the person to humanities and art. When we speak about interests of the child, especially the boy, there is a problem. Most daddies think humanities and even more so arts, doesn't correspond to man's interests in any way and as consequence – such interests are in every possible way extinguished in the childhood by "assiduous" fathers who try to impart to the son man's interest to technics. It is not absolutely clever, because Nature forms the child and defines its applicability in its life. Owing to interests versatility the mankind still exists as a kind on this planet, in other case it could exterminate itself a long time ago. Who, if not people of art and humanists, has proved an opportunity of peaceful existence of the human as a kind? The nature does not know such concepts as pity and compassion, – its only principle is a survival of the strongest, but this one doesn't work for the human, though there are fans of shaking their fists among people, however even them don't define straight movement of mankind. Philosophers and writers gave us a chance to know a way of non-aggression for moving forward. If your child has no 3s in Pythagoras Square you should allow it to complete its task for the mankind: it's born to create new aspects of philosophy, art and culture. It perceives technics externally – by a principle of its grace and beauty.

Character "3": You have one 3 in your Pythagoras Square, is it bad or good? All depends on you only. If you choose the purpose to develop your talent, then you are definitely lucky as you can be engaged in any science as you are still the humanist, but the expert in exact sciences is not you yet. It is possible to find an optimum variant and to choose science which is between these branches of knowledge: natural sciences, economy, a legal practice, etc. The Main thing you should understand you should choose a direction where you can't harm yourself by multiplicity of your interests. That's right, multiplicity is the negative side of "3" as it does not fix interest, but sprays it, that leads to what even people who are strong in sciences can't define the interest and, having scattered the knowledge, leave a science or do not try to be engaged in it. I shall repeat once again: it is necessary for you to define an orientation of the interests precisely. If it won't be done, you can surely to tell, that the person does not have interest to any field of knowledge, especially if he has weak energy (2-is not present, 2, 222).

Character "33": Your Pythagoras Square has 33, it means, that you have interest to exact science and engineering, but it doesn't mean you can be easily engaged in these sciences. It is necessary to define, how you can open similar interest, or if such opportunity will not be then becomes clear on what line should own 3s available for you. If, having 33, your Pythagoras Square contains 55(or more), 22, 6 these figures show that you possess strong logic, good energy and you are a man of moods who can sometimes do manual labor for pleasure. The same numbers tell us that you could become the good engineer or the designer as you can understand any technological process.

Character "333": If your Pythagoras Square contains 333 this means you have astable interest to a science, and it can be expressed differently. Having strong interest to the exact sciences and technics, the person is attracted to other fields of knowledge that leads to the change of interest. The best variant if one interest is a continuation of another then there will be no break in the gained knowledge; otherwise it can lead to full refusal of work. The optimal fields of knowledge are exact sciences (mathematics, physics, technics), but it will be great if they are merged sciences: mathematical linguistics, computer technics, bionics, etc. Such transitions occur for people who have in their Pythagoras Square except 33 55(or more), 99(or more), 22(or donors). As you can see they are people who have strong logic (5) or strong memory (9) and good energy. If Numbers 5, 9, 2 are expressed poorly in your Pythagoras Square then change of interest occurs in other directions connected with lines into which owns 3s. This person can show: interest to an intimate life when there is a necessary need for affinity, probably sharp aggravation of different habits (running in the morning, reading before sleeping, etc.). Not the best variant when the person's self-criticism sharply increases, sometimes self-flagellation, but the worse case is when the person starts to show his ambitions. It is necessary to prepare yourself for such crisis in advance as it, as a rule, is a result of weariness, emotional failure or the conflict. It is difficult enough to prevent such crisis, but to weaken its action is quite possible. Close people who should understand a condition of the person should come and help him to overcome difficulties: attention of the wife, support of the friend in beginnings, etc. The main thing that you should remember, – 333 always told about the interest to a science, and it means, that the person is obliged to open his own opportunities. Very interesting results can be received off synthesis of various own interests into one theory. It's not very often we see interesting synthesis of sciences as each of united disciplines aspires to leadership and as a result the synthesis does not occur, methods or ways are simply being borrowed. Another case when various sciences are united in one head which was equally interested in each of them, this leads to a birth of absolutely new disciplines and knowledge. The only thing can prevent the one's personality realization is disbelief, laziness, worship for "authorities" which always denies everything new for it threatens their prestige and a name assiduously created. Any person has the right to create the hypothesis, and its correctness will be proven or denied by the time only, but not by "man of science".

Character "3333" and more: It means strong interest to a science and technics. It is possible to tell that the person is born inventor or designer. If there are active 5 and 9 (two and more figures) in Pythagoras Square it is necessary for one to be engaged in science in its direct meaning, to work in a scientific research institute or laboratory. If 5 and 9 are presented poorly you should not refuse attempts of realization of Number 3. There is simple, but a reliable way – write the fantastic novel where your ideas will have a life. Who can condemn the writer for all his ideas are unreal? Fiction is a direction of literature where a person is free to express his ideas.

Number 4 in Pythagoras Square is responsible for health of the person, and we could stop here, but the problem of health, as a rule, excites us only when there is a trouble or illness comes. Whether it is possible, using only date of a birth, to tell about a state of health more than: "weak", "normal" or "strong"? Number 4 does not allow to determine health of concrete body or to allocate person's diseases. Number 4 is responsible for a body of the person, but this characteristic is more interesting than a state of health as with presence of Number 4 in Pythagoras Square it is possible (not seeing and not knowing anything about the person) to imagine what this person looks like, how attractive, physically strong. The health problem needs a lot of attention as Number 4 is included into following lines: 1-st line (1, 4, 7) – purposefulness of the person and in 2-nd column (4, 5, 6) – material maintenance of the family. It is possible to tell definitely: how healthy the person is, is he capable of targeting goals and to feed own family. Estimating health of the person by quantity of Number 4, it is necessary to make comparison with real situation. If you observe very sick person who cannot solve the problems connected with this illness you should reveal the reasons of its illness (sorry, but this is a medical problem).

 

Character "4"-none: Pythagoras Square does not contain any Number 4 means you are not given any health from birth and it is necessary to strengthen it and take care of it. It is difficult enough to grow a strong body as it is necessary to spend a lot of energy on it. Professional sports are not recommended, because exhausting of an organism from trainings is going to exceed the energy the person receives from a mobile way of life, after such overloads the person starts to hurt. People who doesn't have any "4"‘s in Pythagoras Square are not good for performing manual labor as they don't have no health. If the person works physically he will search for sources of energy – alcohol, drugs, quarrels and family conflicts. It is necessary to strengthen the health; you can take advantage of one of ancient improving systems: chi Kung, yoga and others. Strengthening the health will make you able to target higher goals. It becomes easier for you to feed family as there will be enough energy for work. It is possible to strengthen through transition of following numbers: "11" transforms into "8" with additional "4" or "6" transforms into "7" with additional "4". For this purpose it is necessary to become more tolerant or to make art a part of your life.

Character "4": Your Pythagoras Square has only one "4". It speaks that you have health from birth, but it is insufficiently strong to speak that prophylactics is not required. If you have "2222" and more then you can try yourself in sports or manual labor. As when there is no "4", having only one the person starts to avoid conflicts as thus loses health and energy. All recommendations for strengthening energy given for "4"-none will be useful here too. If you have poor health (or it is not present at all) do not hurry with trying yourself on places where you will have an authority above people. It is necessary to estimate safety of this step for you. If you have a good energy "22" or "2222 and more" and thus strong character with tolerance 111 and 8, 1111 and 8, 11111 and 8 it is possible to try yourself as "the person of authority". If you do not have strong character (11, 1) regret your health as on a way to your dream you will lose your last health (transition 8 to 11 with loss of 4 or 22). House affairs such as kitchen or garden also lead to loss of health as transition of Number 7 to 6 with cause loss of 4 or 22. I think, anyone will agree that it is easier to save your health, than to restore it.

Character "44" and more: Your Pythagoras Square has "44" or more it means strong health is given from birth and also a beautiful, strong body. It is possible to try yourself in sports safely, even professionally. Manual labor is also possible, but considers also other numbers, for example Number 6 which is responsible for interest to manual labor (two and more sixes). Together with health you have sufficient purposefulness which allows you to target goals and reach them, but an excitement about the food on family table can spoil everything. At such strong numbers it is hard for the person to catch illness; if this happens (serious diseases) it is necessary to find the reason of illness. The basic problem, and it inevitably will arise before you, is a physical strength which is given to you from birth and which is often applied as the last "argument" in a dispute. Try to avoid using it in this case. The confidence in physical strength pushes to fisticuffs especially those ones who have three fours (444). Possessing a strong body, they often lose health because of its undermining, not knowing any limits in work or sports.

Number 5 in Pythagoras Square is responsible for logic and intuition of the person which determines abilities of the person to plan and analyze situations, to understand exact sciences and technics. These are direct characteristics of Number 5, but there are also indirect characteristics which are connected with the central position in Pythagoras Square and as a result it belongs to four lines which can own the number and include it in their characteristics. 2-nd column (4, 5, 6) – maintenance of family, 2-nd line (2, 5, 8) – quality of the family guy, the carnal diagonal (3, 5, 7) – carnal interests, an intimate life, the spiritual diagonal (1, 5,9) – spiritual (divine) human life. The intuition (ability to expect things or events) cannot be increased as it is given from birth or the person just doesn't use it. The logic is the ability of the person to make logical (consecutive) parts of a reasoning which will lead to the right decision. Very often we attribute logical actions to those people who have no "5"‘s in their Pythagoras Square, but thus have many "9"‘s (two and more). The matter is that remembering plenty of possible situations the person with strong memory in similar situations tries to recollect what he already did earlier and he explains this decision as the most logical one. It is possible to tell that presence of "99" in Pythagoras Square will add another "5". The same story is about Number 5, having strong logic the person recollects separate parts and recalls the whole episode, that considerably increases memory, therefore it is possible to tell, that presence of "55" in Pythagoras Square gives the additional "9". So here is one of Number transitions – "55" gives "9" and "99" gives "5".

 

Rareness of strong logic is a result of Number 5 being owned by the lines which are responsible for maintenance of family, quality of the family guy and a carnal diagonal (an intimate life), sometimes it is a spiritual diagonal when the person becomes fanatic. The people, having two and more "5"‘s in Pythagoras Square, become a little bit boring as their reasoning being divided into the set of steps which sometimes begins with a long preamble, which is not pleasant at all, especially to those who doesn't have any "5". Selecting your partner for marriage it is necessary to look at the difference in quantity of Number 5 for it doesn't exceed one figure, and it will be better, if it was in favour of the man. It is necessary to remember that lines can strengthen numbers if they are strong enough (nowadays in one line there shouldn't be less than 5 numbers then the necessary number being the part of this line can be increased). As we can see, Number 5 has four lines which it can be strengthen with. The only thing that is necessary to remember that the logic received through lines will have an exact meaning (based on a value of a line which has created the "5").

Character "5"-none: Absence of Number 5 in Pythagoras Square means that the person doesn't use logic; he can be named a dreamer who constantly goes woolgathering. This is why it is not necessary to make far-reaching plans.The person doesn't plan, and simply draws up his dreams in the certain sequence, gives out desirable for real. Such people build castles in the air and live in them, never thinking about how real they are. It is not necessary to make such dreamer change his mind, leave him with his dreams, when they are ruined he'll create new ones, doesn't even noticing the ruining of the lost ones, if you start giving advice "castles in the air" will fall, then you become the one who has destroyed them, and, as a result, will lose trust in the eyes of the dreamer. When there is no "5"‘s you shouldn't be actively engaged in technics and exact sciences, you better choose a humanitarian direction or art. It is necessary for people around you to understand that exactly dreamers move forward our civilization, constantly generating utopian dreams in the form of their plans. Never mind how bad it can look, but there is always results (sometimes negative, but "negative" is a result too). A good example was V.I. Lenin who had no "5"‘s in Pythagoras Square, as he led to "a victory of communism". You shouldn't go into details and explain something if you speak to the person who doesn't have any "5"‘s. It isn't really important for him. Just tell him what he should do, and he will be happy with it as he does not like to explain details himself, you can't tell the same about emotions while he is telling any story to you. The emotional part is more important for him than a logical explanation of an essence of a question.

Character "5": If in Pythagoras Square there is one "5" it means, that there is logic, but it is very weak and differs a little from quality "5-is not present". The person is the same dreamer. Unique difference concerned those people who has many "3"‘s and "9"‘s the same time (up to two and more). A large interest to technics and exact sciences pushes people to studying of these sciences, and strong memory fills itself with examples of logic that gives good results on its strengthening. In time the person can grow additional "5" (transition: 99 give additional 5). Before you push your child to exact sciences, hoping for just received Number 5, look closely at its Pythagoras Square and make sure that it has there energy (22, 2222 or more), the part of character for studying sciences (111 or 1111), and availability of strong memory (99 or 9999 or more). Do not try to make child be interested in your favorite affairs or fashion this might end with loss of the next talent and the genius. You can be a good economist, but you can also be an ingenious writer.

Character "55": Your Pythagoras Square has "55" this means that the person possesses strong logic which allows him to be engaged in the exact science and technics. Such people can plan the future. It doesn't mean that they don't make any mistakes. These mistakes can be called consequences of risk which they took. You can be sure they foresee almost every mistake, but not always they can secure themselves from them as very often the decision isn't dependent on them, but on those who is alongside them. Considering that "55" is a part of all four lines as a result these people are in difficult situation in their families as they try to decide most family problems, maintenance of family by themselves, but thus they wait for return of the energy through caress and affinity of the spouse that is not always possible because of difference in temperaments. The hardest thing for them is to know about inevitability of defeat or loss, they are forced to wait and hope that they can manage to change circumstances for the best. Is there any reason to tell that they are dreamers? Certainly, they dream, but more often those dreams are only words as they are planning basing on reality. Such people cannot be deceived, as they find out the truth by asking various questions, comparing with answers and finding out contradictions. If they are soft and tolerant, then, even knowing that they are being deceived, they'll try not to tell about knowing it, but the repeated lie, as a rule, destroys friendship (or family).

Character "555" and more: In Pythagoras Square there is "555" that noticeably weakens logic, doing its occurrence more like unexpectedness, than as a rule. In this case these figures almost entirely owned by a line of maintenance of family (for men) or a line of family (for women). Sometimes they can make predictions but as the horizon of vision is very large the person more often doesn't trust himself that does his predictions unreal. These people understand well mathematics, technics, but, as a rule, choose a narrow speciality in them which is being carefully mastered then. This quality can be named laziness of logic which they suffer. Practice has shown, that the people, having "55"(or four and more) are not inclined to alcohol as feel loss of logic during intoxication, but the people having "555", presume to relax, that also is connected with laziness of logic. To use all the logic of such person he needs critical situation, then his numbers "switch on" and he uses his abilities entirely. The best situation is shortened terms for making the decision. If there is "5555" (and more) in this case the one can be called "a prophet". Such people are almost never mistaken about their predictions. This cross is heavy. Try living when you know what waits for you tomorrow, in a year, in thirty years. Such people can predict destinies. It would be quite good; if they were in control of economy as the possibility of their mistakes is too small.

Number 6 is one of the most inconsistent and complex numbers in the given Numerology system. Before we write down characteristics of this number, I offer some comments to its explanation. The very first we can recollect, is Saint John's Revelation: "Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for the number is that of a man; and his number is six hundred and sixty-six". So, is number "666" is a number of the beast, or a number of Satan. Seems like we've got into the world of legends and fairy tales where sorcerers and magicians live, mermaids and devils, but is there any sense at all? Yes, it is, and is far from being fantastic. On Earth as well as in the Universe there always were various contrasts which oppressed and supplemented each other: top-bottom, left-right, cold-hot, water-fire, kind-angry, God-Satan… Various contrasts supplemented each other as two sides of the Truth. This is simple, if there is God there should be Satan, only how to be with St. John's words: "The number is that of a MAN". Think about this: if they have same power as it has turned out, so why God could create the WORLD (and this is the reality we can see. Other thing is that somebody might not trust into such a creation and it's his right) but why then Satan as the representative of destroying force cannot destroy it? I think, that it is necessary to concern to words of St. John directly: Satan (number 666) is an image of human and belongs to people. Having understood it, it is possible to find a way to secure your close ones from this sign if it has appeared in Pythagoras Square.

 

If you look at numbers closely, you might notice that forms of numbers 6 and 9 are very similar, and it isn't an occasion. Number 9 is responsible for memory of the person and its mind which always intended for accumulation of the knowledge helping the person to survive. In this case Number 6 should have kept the major meaning of Number 9 (mind, knowledge), but should have "turned" it's purposes, to be exact: the person becomes forgetful concerning his relatives, his mind works for an accumulation of knowledge which can help him to move forward towards gaining authority with the purpose of suppression, humiliation and, finally, destruction of other person (do not mix actual killing here, the person might be alive, but his personality would be completely exterminated). Collected knowledge allows him to have influence on other person, his mentality, health; there are ways of elimination of people (down to murder). Such knowledge is called "black" and people possessing it – "magicians".

Character "6"-none: If in Pythagoras Square there is no Number 6 this means that the person is not inclined to manual labor, he doesn't like it and can be involved in it only by the reason of necessity or having it as a duty. These are people of art and science. Don't try to accustom them to manual labor; they will never be good workers. Above all they are inclined to art or science as much as their numbers allow. When there is no Number 6 with 2-none, 4 (or more), 9 and 5-none better try yourself in dancing (ballet), such people are very mobile and have a strong body. If we make a little change to this set of numbers it is possible to recommend a profession of the actor: 6-none, 2-none, 4 (or more), 99. In case of strong energy you can try yourself in music: energy – 22 or 2222 and more. Painting demands energy and purposefulness from the person therefore it is necessary to have 22 and more, 111 and more. These were desirable numbers, but remember, that at 6-none a person can choose any direction of art. Don't forget that such people are inclined to science employment, but, as a rule, it is not technical. Depending on numbers (5 and 9) it can be either humanities (5-none) or exact (55 and more).

If you see, that a child is interested in sports, it is very necessary to check the power of its Number 4 (health) to understand how serious these intentions are. Professional sports are good for those who have 44 and more. For example, your child (especially girls) is interested in handicraft (knitting, sewing, etc.). You should not forbid but try to look at the situation with understanding. You should develop in the child desires to become the Master, so the way he does his work could be compared to art. Never try to ignore children interests, the main thing here is to find an artist in one doing his job, which will lead to creation of masterpiece.

Character "6": One Number 6 means that the person does manual labor based on his mood when there is a desire. You should never be indifferent to this quality. Performance is not the main thing in a result. One can perform any work, but it is a question of how good results will be and how happy he will be after finishing it. If you try to force one who has only one "6" when he doesn't feel like working, you'll get a lot of problems as a result. You are going to lose a lot of energy forcing him to work, but if he has agreed that doesn't mean he starts working at once, so prepare to control the whole process. After such work the person becomes angry, explosive and offended by the one who used force. For this reason it's not good when people who have this sign are engaged in monotonous work with the strict schedule, this can lead to breakdowns and desire to change the activity, also it can lead to alcoholism, illnesses. But if such person started doing some work you should never disturb and give your advice. Your offer to help won't be good too, because such people don't like teamwork, especially when the person has desire to do something.

If with one "6" in Pythagoras Square there are two or more "7"‘s, the person should leave manual labor and try himself in science, sports or art (the last is especially important). If the person has "6" and "77" in Pythagoras Square the result is a problem of struggle of Numbers 6 and 7 among themselves because of their contrast at transition 6-7. You can be sure that the one, who has a set of three and more Numbers 6 and 7, inevitably will have a transition of 6 into 7, that will give him additional energy or health, or transition of 7 into 6 when there will be a loss of energy or health, the result is irritability, authoritativeness, embitterment. Accept as good advice: if your child has similar set of Numbers 6 and 7 accustom it to music, dancing, drawing, poetry, reading of books – all these lead to transition of 6 into 7.

Character "66": The sign "66" gives its owner ability to do everything – he is a master of any craft. Very often such people are great architects. Before you decide what to do with your child who has "66" (Numbers 7 are absent, and this is very important), it is necessary to find out its opportunities as the future master. For craftsman it is necessary to have good energy and good health, and they are: 22 (or 2222 and more) and 4 or more. If such numbers are not present or they are in less quantity, you shouldn't try to push the child to step onto this road as it will be lazy and will hardly become a master, and unused but activated Numbers 6 will lead him to searching ways of gaining authority over people (black knowledge). In this case, when the child cannot become the master, it is necessary to feed child's interest to arts, science or less energy intensive crafts, such as: jeweler, knitting, etc. In case child possesses "7" (or more) it can become the master only carefully serving a duty to its parents. I wouldn't advice you choosing any profession connected with authority as it makes the person strict and indifferent towards others' lives.

The sign "66" can be named as sign of grounding. The matter is that people having these sign don't really like reading; they better watch telecasts or do anything but not reading. If somehow you managed to control the sign then the reading takes 1st place, and manual labor has the last then.

Character "666" and more: So, here we are, at the "number if the beast – 666" or otherwise the "number of Satan". The greater number of "6" can be named "number of the sorcerer or a witch" as this sign is stronger. You should not be prejudiced for that sign don't mean anything as a presence of such numbers as 8 and 7 constrain "6". For example, a person has a set of numbers: 666, 7, 8. Then we can delete two numbers 6 and, accordingly, numbers 7 and 8, there will be left only one "6" – the man of moods (such deletion is able only when both numbers 7 and 8 haven't made transition; otherwise we deal with the person who, having started the conflict with the parents, has received new quality: 666, 7, 8 transforms into 6666 and 11 with the loss of 4 or 22, that leads to irritability and authoritativeness).

If there is "6666", then, being attached to similar ones (they are four in this case), they create a stable line, and it means, that the person starts to gather similar people around himself, and they show their hidden abilities: authority, cruelty, aggression, etc. Is there any chance for the "chosen one" to avoid such path? The answer is positive. If somebody tries to involve you into a conflict there is only one way to protect yourself – you got to leave with emotion of emptiness and indifference to that person. The simplest way making it is laughter which doesn't support any fright and doesn't bring any irritability or aggression.

This is a Grand Chinese technique of leaving in emptiness which chi kung masters used when they met the opponent. You should remember this simple way of self-defense. Believe me, if those numerous legends convincing us in existence of Satan didn't concern the problem, then great part of them were describing his servants' and his own appearance, the second aspect of bible legends was the description of Hell and the tortures expecting sinners.

I think, you are seriously concerned now about an opportunity of transition of 6 into 7 through reading of books, arts, tolerance and kindness. Don't allow any negligence to your relatives if they have a sign of "666 and more".

Number 7 in Pythagoras Square shows interest of Nature in disclosing ones talents. I shall explain. Let's imagine if Newton, the creator of mechanics theory, was born two hundred years later or earlier. The result would have changed the history of the Earth as all the physics, mechanics and other technical disciplines are based on these laws. During any moment of history there is a necessity for some natural laws to be revealed. This need can be so necessary, that people, whose brain possesses such important current information, are marked by Nature with special signs – Numbers 7 and 0. Number 0 gives a person the chance to become successful in some fields of knowledge, maybe even finding new laws. Same time Number 7 means following: the person got very important information in his brain for given historical period in exact area of human knowledge. The Nature keeps him safe in all the unexpected situations and accidents, which is interpreted like "luck". The more "7"‘s there are the bigger task the person is got to complete.

 

Character "7"-none: Absence of "7" means the person is not controlled by the greater forces (Nature, World, Universe). He hasn't got any urgent tasks for his time world. This freedom without any defined directions leads to a situation where the person performs attempts to find himself in various spheres of human knowledge. Thus those actions might appear incorrect, erroneous, that leads the person to a big variety of troubles and tests. He's not secured from failure and accidents, such called losers who ahs to overcome many difficulties. Should you feel any desperation because of this? One thing you should never forget is that there is two sides in every story. The matter is that such people can be called "free artists" in searches of those trues they should open. The nature has given people many individual qualities: mind, memory, logic, imagination, talents in arts and sciences and many other things. Owning such qualities the person can find that branch of knowledge of Nature which is right for him.

The failures will leave any loser only when he finds his true Path. You better find yourself someone who has many "7"‘s. Then there will be a merge of the purposes and problems, for "lucky" one this will increase his chances for fast disclosing of the abilities and talents, and for "loser" this means an end of sufferings and failures. No doubt that the one knowing the way here will be that "lucky". However there are cases when the person who has no "7"‘s in Pythagoras Square is a beacon for that "lucky" one. This doesn't mean it is going to be easy for you because you just have to find someone who is lucky enough, because the right to have one near you is have to be deserved. The way to deserve it is by developing yourself facing new obstacles every day and leaving them behind, growing and becoming wiser.

Character "7": One Number 7 in Pythagoras Square means the person has insignificant luck or he is partially protected from failures and accidents. The "luck" sign is too weak. The person's task is to find his own path, and having only one "7" it is too hard. As soon as the person performs a step in the wrong direction, the troubles are there for him at once, and they inform him about being wrong. This must be the main reason for most having "7" for their path realization. The "right path" is there where troubles end, don't be confused, just do what you do.

Character "77": "77" means the person is lucky. Lucky one can risk and target high enough goals, he will have high probability of reaching them, because there are big chances of choosing the exact path where he can use his potential to the max. So, as you can see there is not much choice for the ones with "77", because they can go only in the direction they can go, even if they like it, their choice isn't become less predictable because of that. "Problems" and people, who are capable of solving them, are marked with this sign. Failures for lucky can be caused only by his incorrect behavior. Imagine a situation. The wizard approaches to the person and tells that all his desires will come true because he is lucky. After listening to such promises he trusts and starts dreaming, but all his dreams are connected with former experience and experience of people close to him. Time has come to create family, and he starts selecting a candidate for himself. After performing basic analysis he comes with such result: I'm not handsome, then beautiful one won't go for me; I am not rich, then well-provided won't go for me too; I am not smart enough, so the clever one will refuse too, and after such an analysis he chooses "the ideal" for himself: ugly, silly, from unsuccessful family, and… "Order" from the lucky is accepted, and he finds what he "has ordered". After a year he curses about unfairness of his destiny and about being such a loser. But the only right way to get what you really deserve is to go forward and believe in you being lucky no matter what.

The second reason of such loss can be the transition "7-6" because of loss of tolerance and of a duty in relation to parents. Very often happens so, that talented people drop out of life because of the weakness, especially it concerns such problems as drunkenness, laziness, drugs. Once again think, that the huge responsibility for destiny of all world and many generations lies on our shoulders.

Character "777" and more: If there is "777" or more in Pythagoras Square – we are not talking about "luck" any more. People who possess such signs can be called engineers or designers of Life. They define what is going to happen to them. The nature has marked them with a very special sign showing that the brain of these contains a very solid piece of the information on Nature (Universe, World). Even not knowing, such people become parts of lives of other people through their wishes, presentiments, sensations. The person builds a life around himself. Possessing such sign, he assembles only strong people around of himself, as though analyzing a situation in environment surrounding him, through people who actively work on disclosing their own potentials. After such analysis "engineers" make conclusions and decisions are born as a result.

All failures of such people are their own mistakes or disbelief in their own abilities. If such person loses tolerance and a duty in relation to parents, he loses any quality of "engineer" at once and becomes a loser with greater claims for authority. The main thing for such people is to find ways of realization of their abilities, to allocate the scope of knowledge most interesting to them. In the world there are universal laws, which are used in any field of knowledge: Ying/Yang, transition of quantity in quality, etc. Such laws become property of brains of those with a lot "7"‘s, therefore they can apply their knowledge in any branch of human activity. It is necessary to give advice that they did not lower the goals and problems to household problems: their opportunities are beyond borders represented by reality, and there are no such people or the special commissions who could state a real estimation to their abilities. Restriction will be they, only laziness or unconsciousness (drunkenness, drugs) can prevent taking their opportunities.

Number 8 is one of the most important numbers, defining all Pythagoras Square of a person as its stability or occurrence there will cause many necessary qualities. This figure is responsible for feeling of a duty to relatives (parents, family), tolerance and kindness – qualities which we should show towards parents and close ones.

 

Why "8" is responsible for this quality? An explanation is very simple. We shall write the list of the closest relatives of the person: father, mother, brother (or sister), wife, son, daughter, father of your wife, mother of your wife. In the list there are eight persons, and you owe them all. Your parents are the main ones here as we cannot choose them, but they have given us life and we should be grateful.

Tolerance… We speak about this quality maybe every day. Many describe it as humility and silence, but it is not necessary to replace one word with another. The tolerance is a skill to suffer the person near you, his habits, sights, desires.

Character "8"-none: Is it bad or not? There's nothing in this world that doesn't have 2 sides… No, I answer you. It isn't good as it isn't bad. Only thing is bad when you use absence of "8"‘s as an explanation of your weakness. So what qualities does it give? We shall perform small psychological analysis of this situation. First, it is possible to tell precisely, that the person has the character in the pure state, in other words the power of his character is all over defined only with his "1"‘s. For example, if a person has "1" or "11" and "8"-none in Pythagoras Square, this lets us know that these characters are mostly similar. These people are weak-willed, egoistic, only wish to defend their own point of view by all means, not able and never take any responsibility. The difference between them is that having "11" the person starts to demand praise and attention, that very often defines his future profession among people where the one can prove something and be praised, which is very necessary for him. If we speak about tolerance of these people it is reduced only because having weak character they cannot press or suppress a person. The person can suffer other person near himself, but the reason of such behavior is not in his kindness or tolerance, but it's just a lack of will and indifference to other person, and frequently a fear of conflicts.

Character "8": Presence of one Number 8 in Pythagoras Square means the feeling of duty is given to the person from birth, but it is still weak, and it is necessary to remind yourself that you should show care to relatives or tolerance otherwise. This "8" gives a person some kind of instability. That's because we can have transition "8-11", which strengthens character, but adds intolerance to ones actions. This transition isn't permanent. This is why I called it "instability". This describes a stronger person than the one without any "8"s, but the whole other image is the same.

Character "88" and more: If Pythagoras Square contains "88" or more the feeling of duty is given from birth. It is possible to tell, that they are very kind. Kindness becomes norm of behavior of such people, they are very tolerant, always remember their relatives, they are people of duty as helping others becomes necessity for them. They can be used by others, but don't even think to deceive them. They always feel lies and don't speak about it to liar only because of tolerance and pity.

It is necessary to highlight the characteristic of duty for "888". If you remember, three figures always caused instability of the quality. In this case we deal with the person who is kind, tolerant, remembers parents, but thus becomes the truth finder. This aim can be dangerous if it grows to maximum. Truth finders can even kill without any hesitation for what they think is right. So never play with this part of the person. And for those who got this sign try to lower your unreasonable demands.

Number 9 in Pythagoras Square is responsible for mind, memory and clairvoyance of a person. Why this number? It follows Number 8, and its characteristic should be connected with value of this figure. "8" is responsible for the duty in relation to close people, especially parents. It is natural, that people experience death of parents, and this is when Number 9 comes. After the death of parents the duty transforms into new quality – it is necessary to remember them and that is why Number 9 is responsible for memory. When we speak about any person, about his abilities, as a rule, estimating his memory, we do the conclusion about his mind: "He knows so much, this means he's clever ". Accumulating experience we can predict situations basing on something similar in the past. That is why the better memory you have the better you can foresee situations.

 

Character "9": Before we start let's agree that absence of "9" in Pythagoras Square will be considered impossible, because for normal existence anyone needs memory. Don't be confused if you didn't get any in your calculations. There are many methods to get "9", such as: "55" creates "9" or the strong line which owns this sector can create one. So, in Pythagoras Square there is one Number 9. This means that the person is forgetful. Whether it is possible to tell that this person is not clever? Never. It is impossible to estimate force of mind of the person basing on his memory, as it is known that almost all talented people are very absent-minded and forgetful, but it does not mean, that they are silly. We speak only about memory as about ability of the person to remember any information and to be able to reproduce it.

You can't say that such people can't remember anything, they remember necessary information well, till the moment it becomes unused. As a rule, change of interests leads to deleting of the unnecessary information in an active area of memory, sending it in long-term storehouse of a brain where it can be lost in huge weight of other information. This is why, if you have only one "9" in your Pythagoras Square, don't change your interests sharply, better if that new one becomes a continuation of the old interest then you keep communication with already available data in your memory. The most important thing – you never overload your memory with insults on relatives, close ones or other people. The insult runs into memory because of very bright background of storing and supersedes other information.

Character "99": "99" in Pythagoras Square shows the presence of strong memory which allows to quickly reproduce the necessary information lost-free. It allows the person to get great results in studying of sciences. But what if one person has "99" and the same way complains about having bad memory? The reason can be the person is doing things he isn't supposed to do, as a result he starts forgetting everything. The special attention needs the fact that people with strong memory remember each insult in their address, which also can lead to loss of memory. It is very important to get rid of insults, especially if it concerns parents.

Character "999" and more: If in Pythagoras Square "999" or more then characteristic of memory should give up the place to new quality which "9" is about, – clairvoyance. We shall try to find out the process of clairvoyance. We can distinguish two versions of clairvoyance. First, if the person has strong energy (22 and more) he can join the Information Field. It is accessible for him because of strong memory as the quantity of the remembered information should transform into quality. The information saved up by many generations should be ordered, but also should not disappear from an information field. For this reason the access into it is resolved only for those who have strong memory and energy. If the person has many "9"s, but weak energy (less than "22") he can't get access into it, so all the predictions are based on comparison of actual situations to similar ones happened in the past.